<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="untitled2">
    <title>Part 1: Swap Positions in Workday HCM</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>1.1<b>Intended audience</b></p>
        <p>This manual is intended for the managers and the administrators of Workday HCM (Workday)
            to swap the positions for the existing workers. The readers of this guide are assumed to
            have experience working on the previous Swap Position feature. </p>
        <p/>
        <p>1.2 <b>Conceptual overview</b></p>
        <p>Until now, the managers and administrators had to create temporary (dummy) positions for
            the workers involved in the swap and to mark their positions available for the swap
            participants. The workers and the swap participants were then moved to their originally
            intended positions.</p>
        <p>This was not only a cumbersome process but also involved additional complicated tasks
            like job changes in the worker’s history, possible clerical errors, or issues with the
            manual entries.</p>
        <p>1.2.1<b> The new Swap Position features</b></p>
        <p>Perform seamless swap positions at once for individuals or the group of workers in
            rotation or reorganizations. The new feature also reduces the errors and automates the
            manual efforts by enabling you to:</p>
        <ul id="ul_o2w_vpk_nnb">
            <li>Swap workers’ positions and assignments for the organization at the same time with
                ease, and in the same one-stop-shop location.</li>
            <li>Define different reasons for performing swaps in Workday.</li>
            <li>List down the workers for the future swap positions.</li>
            <li>Ensure that the workers have the same job profiles defined in Workday before and
                after a position or assignment swap. </li>
        </ul>
        <p> 1.2.2 <b>Use Cases </b></p>
        <p>The new Swap Position feature performs the swap of an individual or a group of workers in
            a single transaction. The use cases include the following scenarios:</p>
        <ol id="ol_wkz_lqk_nnb">
            <li>In banking: Tellers and personal bankers often change their seats to switch
                locations, or hours more easily. This works better for their schedules.</li>
            <li>In law enforcement: Workers bid on multiple assignments which are granted based on
                seniority or tenure.</li>
            <li>Shift rotations: Workers that are in rotational programs need to move or rotate from
                one position to the other (e.g. from position A to B, or from position B to C).</li>
            <li>Mass reorganizations: Thousands of workers change positions, organizations,
                locations, and managers on an annual basis as a part of a larger reorganization
                which might happen periodically throughout the year. </li>
        </ol>
        <p>1.3 <b>Procedure to complete a position swap</b></p>
        <p>There are 3 major steps involved in performing a complete Swap Position task as mentioned
            below.</p>
        <p>
            <note>The fields marked with asterisks (<b>*</b>) are required and must be
                completed.</note>
        </p>
        <p><b> Step 1: Find ~Workers~ for Swap Position</b></p>
        <ol id="ol_pxc_tqk_nnb">
            <li>Type the query in the <uicontrol>search</uicontrol> box within the <b>Find Workers
                </b>report.</li>
            <li>Narrow the results by using the available filters in the <b>Current Search</b>.</li>
            <li>Check the corresponding boxes to select the worker/s.</li>
            <li>Press the <uicontrol>Add to Swap Positions</uicontrol>
                <b>List</b> and type the <b>name</b> to create the list of workers to be
                swapped.</li>
        </ol>
        <p><b>Tips</b></p>
        <ul id="ul_qxc_tqk_nnb">
            <li>Use <b>Saved Searches</b> to retrieve the workers saved earlier</li>
            <li>Use <b>Compare</b> to see if you are swapping the correct positions. </li>
        </ul>
        <p><b>Step 2: Add to Swap Positions list</b></p>
        <p>1. Select from the <b>Swap Position List </b>drop-down menu and press
                <uicontrol>OK.</uicontrol></p>
        <p><b>Step 3: Swap Positions</b></p>
        <ol id="ol_yvm_2rk_nnb">
            <li>Select the <b>Effective Date</b>.</li>
            <li>Select the appropriate <b>Reason</b> or reasons for the swap. Read Maintain Event
                Categories and Reasons task for more information.</li>
            <li><i>Optional step</i>: Check the box <b>Use Swap Position List</b> to choose from the
                available list.</li>
            <li>Press <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
        </ol>
        <p> Enter the <b>Event Title</b> identify individual workers one-at-a-time.</p>
        <p><b>Step 4: Define Proposed Position</b></p>
        <ol id="ol_lsc_3rk_nnb">
            <li><i>Optional step</i>: Define the <b>Proposed Position</b> for each swapped worker in
                the events like the changes in the job description, promotion, transfers, etc.</li>
        </ol>
        <p>     2. Enter the optional comments and press <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</p>
        <p>1.4 4 <b>List of questions to the subject matter expert (SME)</b></p>
        <ol id="ol_enq_lrk_nnb">
            <li>Find Workers report: is this the beginning step?</li>
            <li>Link to the tenant configuration setting is missing.</li>
            <li>In the <b>Step 1: Find ~Workers~ for Swap Position,</b> what types of keywords are
                allowed to search?</li>
            <li>In the same step, can we search (or filter) by the name of workers, since we can
                perform a single employee position swap?</li>
            <li>What are the scenarios when the manager/administrator must log out and log in again
                (it appears it was required in the <b>Step 2: Add to Swap Positions list</b>)?</li>
            <li>How to proceed after entering the <b>Event Title </b>(missing
                    <uicontrol>Next/OK</uicontrol> etc. buttons)?</li>
        </ol>
        <p> </p>
        <p/>
    </conbody>
</concept>
